Update README and contribution guidelines (#1176)
paritytech/ink: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Commits

Don't be afraid to have a bunch of commits while working on a pull-request. We end up
squashing all of them before merging to the `master` branch anyways.

> We'd appreciate it if kept your commits small and descriptive. It makes the review

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But please keep your commits small and descriptive. A good rule of thumb is to 
bundle semantic changes together in one commit. It makes the review
```

process easier - which means you get a 🟩 from Github sooner (that's why you're
contributing in the first place anyways, right?)

To help you out here's a [really good post](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/) on how to write good commit
messages.

### Checklist

Below is a checklist for you before doing a pull request.

> Following these will ensure that your pull request is going to be accepted.

Reviewer: Wow this checklist below is super exhaustive, I don't think anybody will ever go through the whole thing. We should simplify it as well. 

There are two `scripts/check-*` scripts to do a number of these things of this locally, could you check if they are referenced somewhere in here and still working? We could refer to them instead.

Reviewer: Let's do it in a follow-up.
